# Climate-Change-and-Impacts-in-Africa
According to the United Nations, Climate change refers to long-term shifts in temperatures and weather patterns. Such shifts can be natural, due to changes in the sun’s activity or large volcanic eruptions. But since the 1800s, human activities have been the main driver of climate change, primarily due to the burning of fossil fuels like coal, oil, and gas.
The consequences of climate change now include, among others, intense droughts, water scarcity, severe fires, rising sea levels, flooding, melting polar ice, catastrophic storms, and declining biodiversity.

You work for a Non-governmental organization tasked with reporting the state of climate change in Africa at the upcoming African Union Summit. The head of analytics has provided you with IEA-EDGAR CO2 dataset which you will clean, combine and analyze to create a report on the state of climate change in Africa. You will also provide insights on the impact of climate change on African regions (with four countries, one from each African region, as case studies).

Dataset
The dataset, IEA-EDGAR CO2, is a component of the EDGAR (Emissions Database for Global Atmospheric Research) Community GHG database version 7.0 (2022) including or based on data from IEA (2021) Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Energy, www.iea.org/statistics, as modified by the Joint Research Centre. The data source was the EDGARv7.0_GHG website provided by Crippa et. al. (2022) and with DOI.

The dataset contains three sheets - IPCC 2006, 1PCC 1996, and TOTALS BY COUNTRY on the amount of CO2 (a greenhouse gas) generated by countries between 1970 and 2021.

Instructions
The head of analytics in your organization has specifically asked you to do the following:

Clean and tidy the datasets.
Create a line plot to show the trend of CO2 levels across the African regions.
Determine the relationship between time (Year) and CO2 levels across the African regions.
Determine if there is a significant difference in the CO2 levels among the African Regions.
Determine the most common (top 5) industries in each African region.
Determine the industry responsible for the most amount of CO2 (on average) in each African Region.
Predict the CO2 levels (at each African region) in the year 2025.
Determine if CO2 levels affect the annual temperature in the selected African countries
